Psalm 56 to the chief musician said to
Psalm 56 to the chief musician said to the silent dove in distant lands a nick
the silent dove in distant lands a nick
the silent dove in distant lands a nick time of David when the Philistines
time of David when the Philistines
time of David when the Philistines captured him in Gath be merciful to me O
captured him in Gath be merciful to me O
captured him in Gath be merciful to me O God for man would swallow me up fighting
God for man would swallow me up fighting
God for man would swallow me up fighting all day he oppresses me my enemies would
all day he oppresses me my enemies would
all day he oppresses me my enemies would hound me all day for there are many who
hound me all day for there are many who
hound me all day for there are many who fight against me almost high whenever I
fight against me almost high whenever I
fight against me almost high whenever I am afraid I will trust in you in God I
am afraid I will trust in you in God I
am afraid I will trust in you in God I will praise His Word in God I have put
will praise His Word in God I have put
will praise His Word in God I have put my trust I will not fear what can flesh
my trust I will not fear what can flesh
my trust I will not fear what can flesh do to me all day
do to me all day
do to me all day they twist my words all their thoughts
they twist my words all their thoughts
they twist my words all their thoughts are against me for evil they gather
are against me for evil they gather
are against me for evil they gather together they hide he marked my steps
together they hide he marked my steps
together they hide he marked my steps when they lie in wait from
when they lie in wait from
when they lie in wait from my life shall they escaped by iniquity
my life shall they escaped by iniquity
my life shall they escaped by iniquity in anger cast down the people's oh god
in anger cast down the people's oh god
in anger cast down the people's oh god you number my wanderings put my tears
you number my wanderings put my tears
you number my wanderings put my tears into your bottle are they not in your
into your bottle are they not in your
into your bottle are they not in your book when I cry out to you then my
book when I cry out to you then my
book when I cry out to you then my enemies will turn back this I know
enemies will turn back this I know
enemies will turn back this I know because God is for me in God I will
because God is for me in God I will
because God is for me in God I will praise His Word in the Lord I will
praise His Word in the Lord I will
praise His Word in the Lord I will praise His Word in God I have put my
praise His Word in God I have put my
praise His Word in God I have put my trust I will not be afraid what can man
trust I will not be afraid what can man
trust I will not be afraid what can man do to me Vale's made to you by binding
do to me Vale's made to you by binding
do to me Vale's made to you by binding upon me O God I will render praises to
upon me O God I will render praises to
upon me O God I will render praises to you for you have delivered my soul from
you for you have delivered my soul from
you for you have delivered my soul from death have you not kept my feet from
death have you not kept my feet from
death have you not kept my feet from falling that I may walk before God in
falling that I may walk before God in
falling that I may walk before God in the light of the living
the light of the living
the light of the living you